You
Liam Sturgis in the audience I suspect you'll be turning over to another to another stream at nine o'clock
It's a pretty hot one going over there. I might even have to switch over to it. I'm not quite sure yet. I haven't decided what I'm gonna do
Liam Sturgis the man the myth the legend. That's really it's good to see you man. Good to see you there
I don't have any water. I don't have any water. I have no drink. I have nothing. What am I doing?
How did I pull the trigger with no drink down here?
Man, oh man, that's terrible. My voice has gotten even better Liam. I don't know what to tell you but
The vocal cords are still recovering. Pretty cool.
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next. He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television
People everywhere are starting to listen to him. It's embarrassing.
So damn hot.
So this stream is brought to you by a patch clamp physiologist. What that basically means is that you make recordings from cell cultures or
tissue preparations like brain slices and in my case you can make recordings between neurons that are synaptically connected with electrical connections that you can then stimulate and measure.
You can look me up on PubMed by putting my last name C-O-U-E-Y hypon J-J into the top search bar and the articles that show up will all have my name in them.
The reason why we call this the giga ohm biological high resistance low noise information brief is because the electrical recordings that I used to make as a biologist were made with borosilicate glass touching the phospholipid bilayer of the neuron and that would make a giga ohm seal which was indeed high resistance and very low noise.
And that's where giga ohm biological comes from.
So let's get this thing started. I think this should be a pretty good.
We should be in pretty good sync. You can let me know if that's true or not and then we'll get going.
I'm watching the chat all the time. I just don't react to it very much.
How's that sound look?
Are we okay? Can I stop? Yes, good sync, good sound. That's what I like to hear.
It is indeed a faith in a novel virus we are trying to dispel
because that faith doesn't need a lie.
Just make you understand intramuscular injection of any combination of substance.
The intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans is crunally negligent and viruses are not pattern integrity.
So that's where we are asking these questions, trying to answer these questions because there is a spectacular commitment to lies going on.
This is giga ohm biological.
Yes, happy birthday Silent Rob. I forgot I titled it Happy Birthday Silent Rob.
Wow, good thanks for reminding me of that. Wow, that's a little.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, this is giga ohm biological a high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
It's the 21st of November, 2023 and my little brother Rob is at least it's his birthday today.
I don't know how old he is. I'd have to think about it for a little while.
He hasn't spoken to me since he fired me back in February of 2021 for a series of problems that included me not wanting to wear a mask on set anymore.
Anyway, that also resulted in basically my parents not talking to me anymore for the last few years.
So happy birthday Rob. Thanks a lot for being silent Rob, the producer of this show.
He provided one of the cameras and a bunch of the other things that were basically extra stuff that he had from his photography studio.
So, you know, everything works out in the end. So thanks for that.
I just wanted to start with a few short clips to kind of remind you of where we are, where we've been, where we're going and make sure that you aren't confused about these things.
Let me just switch over here really quick and see if this works.
So remember, first of all, on March 21, 2021, one year after the start of this fiasco, they had a little memorial.
Please welcome Mayor Bill de Blasio.
And this memorial in New York City involves projections onto the Brooklyn Bridge and it involved this rather interesting speech.
About 30,000 people who died, maybe 25,000 of them died or 21,000 of them died in four weeks.
Ask everyone together.
Jessica Hockett's whole city together.
Let's have a moment of silence for all those we loved and all those we lost.
It's lucky it's cold because he can, you know, confuse people with what sounds like emotion.
These were the games that they played with us from the very beginning and now that you can see it from this distance with this much retrospective, you know, inside.
Every morning, it's shocking.
The first thing I see is a list and there are numbers on it.
But what it really means is how many people we lost, how many New Yorkers are gone, how many neighbors, how many members of our family.
Today, that number is more than 30,000.
It's a number we can barely imagine.
We can barely find them.
New Yorkers lost then in World War II.
We can barely keep track of where they are anymore.
Hurricane Sandy and 9, 11 put together.
No death certificates, no, nothing.
We don't know where we can't find anything in some way.
And for so many families, a pain, a pain that is raw.
I don't even know if we have a list of names.
I don't think we do.
And yet New Yorkers are always there for each other.
And tonight, so many people have gathered to show their love.
To show their support of the family members left behind.
I want to thank everybody who created this memorial as a labor of love, everyone who spoke, everyone who played a piece of music to comfort us, everyone who created something to give something back to their fellow New Yorkers.
Yeah, he walked up to the point of the past.
I have a vivid memory.
Last May.
I went to visit Queensbridge Houses, Nica.
And as I walked through the development, a resident came up to talk to me and then another member of the community came around and then another and another and I found myself a part of a circle.
And everyone in the circle was mourning.
Everyone in the circle had lost someone.
They told me about an aunt or an uncle, a grandma.
And then they told me the hardest part was they could not mourn together.
And they felt the pain, the loss.
And that moment was one of those times where it became clear just how deep this pain was for all of us.
How much the virus has stolen from us.
The virus, the virus has stolen from us.
But then when people start telling the stories of those they loved, a little joy starts to come back into their voice.
Smile comes across their face.
Reminds me of a beautiful passage from Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
And he said this about grief.
No matter what, no one can take away the dances we've already had.
I think about a dear friend, my college roommate, Tom.
He fell in love with a renowned New Yorker, a legend, the playwright, Terrence McNally.
And when he lost Terrence, I called him and he said he couldn't believe he was gone.
But he knew that Terrence.
Those are COVID victims on the bridge.
They're COVID victims.
They're lifted and enlightened.
COVID victims.
New Yorkers and people, the world brown.
And he knew that joy, that hope would continue.
Doesn't it make the pandemic more real for you though?
I guarantee you it makes it more real for all the people that donated their picture for this.
I guarantee you it makes it more real for them.
For everybody that didn't know better back then that there was do not resuscitate orders or that there were protocols that they needed to be afraid of.
That they shouldn't call the ambulance.
Like they didn't know.
And so a lot of people in New York probably actually believe their relatives died of COVID still to this day.
That's how much work we have to do.
Everybody that put their picture up on that friggin bridge definitely does.
We've got to take this seriously.
There has been some massive, massive, massive psychological experiment.
Real enchantments cast on us.
That's why I wanted you to see this.
I'm not sure how many of us really remember how remarkable it was back in 2020 and early 2021.
This is right when they're trying to roll out the shots.
So they need everybody on board with the worst case scenario.
Don't forget that lockdowns had some effect.
And otherwise it could be much worse than it is had we not locked down.
Had Brett Weinstein not shown us how to use a bandana to protect ourselves when we left the house.
Had Brett Weinstein not shown us this great example of how we stay home and isolate from our family and friends for nine or ten months.
We might have had a much worse pandemic.
And this is now the time when we don't want to let up our guard.
We want to make sure that we're taking the shot when we're offered.
That's how they were talking about it here with the free french fries and stuff.
Excuse me.
Single one of them.
Everyone we've lost, what they did goes on.
What they contributed, what they created.
The love they gave goes on.
The teachers we lost, the educators.
What they gave to young people.
It's carried on every day.
Excuse me.
The faith leaders are clergy.
And we lost them.
Their congregations carried them on in their hearts and in their faith.
The healthcare heroes.
Those who were there for us no matter what.
And we lost some of those good souls.
Hey Elizabeth Rogers in the audience.
Nice to see you.
We saved lives.
And the people walking around today.
Because a doctor or nurse was there for them.
Or an EMT or a paramedic.
The people walking around today, they carry the hearts of those we've lost with them.
I still haven't figured out how all those grocery store workers didn't die.
But you know, it was a really deadly virus spread like hell.
The moms, the dads, the grandparents.
All that was great about them.
All that was warm.
Their souls continue on in their sons and daughters and in their grandchildren.
There's something especially evil about invoking the memory of people's dead relatives.
In a disingenuous way.
There's something extremely.
Evil about misleading young people by provoking and evoking the memory.
Of their lost relatives.
This is some extraordinary stuff.
If you look back now and you see this for what it was, not as it happened.
But we're talking about two and a half years later.
This is March 2021.
One year after the declaration of 15 days to slow the spread.
When Paul Cantrell was talking for 16 days to crush the curve, to smash the curve.
And so it is to all of us to do something very simple.
Very beautiful.
Very powerful.
It is time to make them proud.
So I don't know.
They are so lost.
I'm glad I waited for the second shoulder to shoulder.
One for another.
We've got to go some time and watch an old speech of Ronald Reagan so that you can see what it was like when adults used to talk at a decent place.
And you didn't have to speed up the video on YouTube in order to make it digestible.
These speeches that these politicians do are really aimed at such a low intellect level.
It's scary.
I couldn't have a conversation with somebody who talked like this.
And even if they sped it up double, I couldn't talk to a person who talked like this.
So where are we?
We're dealing with somebody like Mandy Cohen now.
And I want to show you a couple examples in case you forgot how bad this is.
This is right now 2023 that was just released by the CDC, which adds to the evidence that vaccinations during pregnancy helps protect patients and newborns.
Today I'm going to answer a few questions about getting vaccinated when you're pregnant.
Now let's just be really clear about what she's not going to answer questions about.
If there's a fetus developing inside a young mother.
Developing fetus means development.
Development means cell division.
Cell division means whoa.
There's a great big giant danger there.
That's the reason why moms weren't allowed to eat.
Maybe think about not eating tuna fish.
Don't ever eat sushi.
Oh my gosh.
Unpassed your eyes.
Cheese.
And so now we're talking about injecting some combination of substances to augment the immune system of the mother.
And also protect the baby right after birth.
As if they understand how these pattern integrity's work to the extent to which they can augment them in this way.
It is absolutely ridiculous for them to talk like this.
It is absolutely ridiculous for somebody to believe that this is the state of the art.
And I honestly don't think that if we had a whiteboard on either side of a room.
And one hour that this woman and I would end up with.
She would have almost nothing on her whiteboard.
And I would have it covered with facts that she can't dispute.
And I think there are quite a few people on our side who could do that to Mandy Cohen.
Because I don't think Mandy Cohen really brings much expertise to her position.
And if it is, it's an expertise in the shape of a very thin needle.
You know, one PhD project and one little sliver of expertise that goes right to the edge of knowledge about one specific topic like.
A subtype of G protein couple receptor and that's it.
Now I I'm not saying I'm some kind of polymath, but I have spent my whole life trying to decide what part of biology was the most interesting and walking in all different directions for a long ways.
And I dedicated my whole adult life to being a academic biologist.
So I actually understand how it is to swim with these people and who swims with them.
And I see them in a different light now than I have had in the past and did in the past.
And I also think that 10 years ago when I was really in the heart of my career.
What I would call my academic career.
There was still a preponderance of good intentions and good programs and largely just the real medical and nutrition sciences were starting to be corrupted.
Maybe a little psychiatry.
But about the time that I started to try and get positions is when everything kind of went exponentially bad.
The hiring process went exponentially bad.
The the equity went exponentially bad.
The the impetus to get patents went exponentially bad.
The impetus to to have some kind of, you know, the the grants became much more pigeonholed in the, you know, all these different themed grants, which essentially means you can't come up with your own ideas, but you got to come up with.
How does your idea fit into their to their grant proposal?
And so she is now the head of the CDC, an extremely important organization in the bureaucracy of America.
And it frightens me to think that someone of her shallow biological knowledge could be allowed to on a professional level and basis advocate for the augmentation of pregnant women's immunity.
The pregnant women's immune systems with really what appears to be no regard for the developing fetus and the absolute sacredness of this time.
When a woman is pregnant, when she's not supposed to wear makeup, no lotion, don't use all those products anymore.
When you're having a not when you're not when you have a baby developing and you what are you nuts?
First question.
When during pregnancy, should a person get a COVID-19 flu and RSV vaccine?
So the COVID and flu vaccines are recommended for everyone over six months and that includes moms who are pregnant.
You can get a COVID or flu vaccine at any point during pregnancy.
For the RSV vaccine, you can get that vaccine if you are between 32 to 36 weeks pregnant.
When you get vaccinated during pregnancy, you pass on your antibodies to your baby and they are born with some protection through your vaccination.
This is a great news for keeping yourself as healthy as possible during pregnancy and to protect the health of your baby.
Next question.
Is getting vaccinated for COVID flu and RSV during pregnancy safe for me and my baby?
Another great question and one a lot of people are asking.
The answer is yes.
Getting the COVID flu and RSV vaccine during pregnancy is safe for you.
Does anybody know what that symbol is around your neck?
Have not been linked to any increased risk of negative effects during pregnancy or for the baby.
And the good news is when you get vaccinated during pregnancy, you pass on your antibodies to your baby and they're born with some protection through your vaccination.
Born with antibodies from you and those antibodies apparently are protecting.
Case you.
Hi everyone.
It's Mandy Cohen, CDC Director and I am here at Morris Brown College.
I'm here with the President Dr. James and I'm here with a great partner of ours from the conference of national black churches.
This is Jackie Burton and she's amazing and they have been working with the CDC on vaccinations throughout the pandemic.
They've done more than a million COVID vaccines and I can't tell you how important a partnership with our historically black colleges and partnerships with our black churches around the country has been.
I just wanted you guys to get a chance to meet them.
So why don't I turn it over to Dr. James first and then I'd love to hear from Jackie as well.
Sure.
My name is Kevin James.
I'm honored to serve as the President of Morris Brown College.
HBCU founded in 1881, 142 years ago.
We are related to partner with you all today to provide this service to our community.
Continue to watch Morris Brown College as we continue to expand what we're doing here that will be called the hard reset.
Welcome.
Thank you.
All right.
And Dr. Burton, tell us about your just a legend.
So first, thank you.
But tell me about the work that you've been doing vaccinating the community.
Great.
The CDC contact.
It's a really weird ego attack there with, you know, you're just a legend and you're amazing.
Anytime anyone ever starts with that, I automatically assume that there's something going on.
And obviously these two are being manipulated or their organizations are being manipulated by the CDC to take money to promote the health policy of the CDC.
And it could be that these two are just not sophisticated enough to understand that this biology is a scam.
That more and more vaccines are not a sign of progress.
But we've got to start helping these people.
We've got to start helping and reaching out to people who are already.
Yeah.
Back to us.
At the CNBC, the Conference of National Black Churches, when the pandemic first started and said, can you help us get the word into the African American community?
Well, of course we can.
Black churches are the center of our communities and it is work.
They have, I won't give you the number, but multi millions of dollars since 2020.
And we are delighted.
We're in our third year of funding and looking toward the fourth year, but it is a made a difference.
Our churches through our sixth largest historically black denominations have worked very hard.
And that's how we ended up with this over a million vaccines through our churches, through community centers, nursing homes, even some hospitals.
But it has made a difference.
We could not have done this unless CDC believed in us.
Well, we love that partnership and we've been talking a lot about building trust.
And so making sure that we have access points for folks can get the vaccine close to their community as well as from people that they trust and hear from folks that they trust.
So we are grateful again to be here at historically black because essentially they're using their these pastors, giving them money, buying them off and buying these churches off and using the trust that these people have in their church.
In order to give them a vaccine and it's a vaccine that they don't need that they could better off be giving them multivitamins.
Or, or organic vegetables or, you know, I mean, it's just extraordinary what they're what we're doing here.
It might actually be better for instead of providing vaccines for everybody in this church that they provided an organic meal.
Or, I mean, I just, this is where we are though.
I mean, this is still going.
This is like a day ago.
They help officials are urging people to take some extra precautions.
That's because the CDC estimates there have already been up to 1.6 million flu cases.
RSV infections are also on the rides, especially impacting kids under the age of four and COVID-19.
We're concerned for a lot of families, but only about 15% of adults have received that updated shot.
So let's break it down and see what it all means.
How we can protect ourselves and our loved ones is the CDC's new director, Dr. Mandy Cohen, Dr. Cohen.
I'm so happy that you're here with us today.
As we said, tons of people are on the road.
People are going to be gathering.
Not many people have gotten the flu shot or the COVID shot.
So what's going to happen here is the two ladies that are asking questions will agree with the lady there questioning.
And that creates an illusion of consensus.
So they're all going to agree on what the good plan is for the Thanksgiving weekend.
I'm concerned to argue about these holiday gatherings.
Well, look, we love to gather during the holidays.
And first, it's wonderful to be here with both of you.
So fun.
But as we get into the holidays, we need to protect each other.
And yes, too few people have gotten the vaccine so far.
And I know folks are over COVID and they want to leave it in the rearview mirror, but it's here with us.
So the three reasons to get vaccinated.
One, the virus has changed.
So you want the most updated protection you can get.
Second, if you had COVID before or you've been vaccinated, that protection has decreased over time.
So you want the boosted up protection.
And third, people are still getting long COVID, right?
The long symptoms from that virus, even if you get a mild case.
So all three reasons, we don't want to be sick, but we certainly don't want to be sick for a long time.
So getting vaccinated is still really the most important way you can protect yourself and your family.
It was hard to get the COVID vaccine in the early going.
This more updated one.
Do you feel like all those wrinkles have been kind of ironed out and it's pretty accessible now?
Yeah, so moving out of the emergency, the federal government wasn't purchasing and distributing.
The private sector was doing it.
They did have some hiccups right at the beginning, but that's all really been ironed out.
Plenty of supply of vaccine for COVID and flu.
Get your appointment now.
It's not.
I remember very clearly this idea that there was going to be a shortage.
And in fact, I think I have a video somewhere in my archive of like a local ABC news channel saying that.
They had vaccinated 10 people at the hospital and then the next day they were going to vaccinate like 300 more and they were doing it really slow.
But whenever you were offered your vaccine, you need to take it because.
You were a part of this health care apparatus and then they were slowly going to roll out the protection of the vaccine first to these people.
Who had been risking their lives throughout the beginning of the pandemic.
And so she, she seems to be re telling that story about how there was a shortage and now there's a new shortage of the.
Of the advanced by Vayland, you know, booster or whatever.
And so it's that perceived shortage.
It's a, it's a little bit of a scyop, right?
You drive past the place.
They have shots.
Well, I better get one while I can.
And they have used that throughout these three years to motivate people that are vulnerable to that kind of suggestion.
Ever too late to get vaccinated.
Never too late.
It's already in the middle season.
No, never too late.
Right now.
So plenty of time to get back to the number of people who have the flu.
It seems pretty high.
Do you think this is all because we had been isolated for so much because now I feel like people have had these long coughs for months that's been going on and on.
There are a lot of bugs that are circulating viruses and bacteria, but we have ways to protect ourselves.
Vaccine is one.
But also if you get sick over this holiday season, make sure you're getting tested because testing allows you to know what you have so you can get treatment.
We have treatment for flu and for COVID and that treatment could save your life.
You can get for free tests, COVID tests at COVID test.gov right now.
We actually just yesterday said you can get for free new ones.
So get your test.
Take them with you if you travel so you know if you're getting sick.
Dr. Cohen, you're the new sheriff in town, the new head of the CDC.
And I don't have to tell you there have been some questions about trust in the agency in the wake of the pandemic.
Public surveys will show you that the CDC is held in not low regard, but the trust is not there as it used to be.
What are you doing to turn it around?
Yeah, so I'm about six months into the job.
We're focused on transparency where I think that's important to build trust, communicating faster, more simply, making sure we're focused on giving folks simple ways to protect themselves.
Certainly building relationships.
And I personally have been traveling all around the country so that folks can hear from me directly.
So not just the CDC director or the mom.
I have two daughters who are nine and 11 and I want them to know what I did for my own daughters.
And I got both of them, the updated COVID vaccine and the flu shot because I wanted them to be protected.
Same with myself.
I got myself vaccinated.
My parents.
I wouldn't recommend something for the American people.
I wouldn't do for my own family.
And I want them to hear from from me directly. So I've been all over the country sharing that message.
I want to make sure you understand that it is not impossible at all impossible for her to believe every word she says.
It's not at all impossible.
This.
Her not understanding.
Her salary, her success in this.
Industry has probably completely been dependent on it.
She would not have moved up the ladder.
Had she shown any internal or external doubts, even if she just expressed them over drinks.
They would have immediately said, Oh, no, we need a completely committed 100% vaccine cheerleader here.
We need somebody who believes in them like.
Like the Weinstein's do the best invention of all mankind, except for maybe.
You know, the wheel and the airplane.
So you remember that we talked about censorship.
I wanted to play this whole video.
This was the World Health Summit.
So it was a little while ago, but it's important to understand.
That we're being warned from both sides of the narrative that the world needs locking down the world needs a global control mechanism.
The world needs a way of coordinating global governance.
And so you can listen first to these two guys make the argument that we have no choice.
If we want to be prepared for a pandemic, we have to give countries money to establish the control mechanism.
Otherwise, they will govern themselves.
And then we also need to establish some kind of, you know, technocratic message control system so that.
Oh, that's awesome.
Thank you.
That some kind of control system that keeps everybody, you know, all the messages right on point.
So that's pretty extraordinary as well.
So first, let's listen to this guys.
If we do not support these 40 companies and institutions that they govern themselves, then we will not be better prepared,
but we may be worse prepared because we now have also the info in them, a pandemic against us.
Well, let's say everything that we do is basically questions by a social media war,
which will make it very more difficult to organize a response towards the future pandemic.
This is where we currently are.
Does it ever make you wonder when you hear him talking?
When you hear this guy talking, does it ever make you wonder whether he sounds as annoying in German when he speaks as he does when he speaks in English?
I really find myself wondering that.
Listen carefully to how he says it again because it's important.
If we do not support these 40 countries with money and institutions that they govern themselves,
then we will not be better prepared, but may be worse prepared because we now have also the info in them, a pandemic against us.
Well, let's say everything that we do is basically questions by a social media war,
which will make it very more difficult to organize a response towards the future pandemic.
This is where we currently are.
The other issue as we are with the virus is communication and disinformation.
And this is such a complex issue.
There are many media people here who exactly know what I'm speaking about.
And we know who this guy is, right? This is Jorston.
This is the guy who developed a PCR test for the original SARS.
And then was called upon to develop a PCR test for SARS-CoV-2,
which was reviewed and approved and published in 24 hours and then circulated as the who recommended primer set.
And so that paper was, of course, opposed by another publication that a number of really interesting people were on.
The interesting combination of people.
And so this is where the entire pandemic started with this guy, with that guy in Germany.
And so it's extraordinary to hear them talking post pandemic, if you will.
Maybe it's not post pandemic yet, but it's interesting to hear them talking this year about the things they need to fix.
It's not very different from listening to Mark van Rance, the guy from Belgium, talking at the Chatham House in 2011.
And lamenting about how during the swine flu, he didn't have things like Facebook and Twitter and whatever to help control the messaging.
He had to work with newspapers and the websites of newspapers.
But now with Facebook and Instagram and stuff like that, he thinks it would be in 2011 already.
He thought it would be much easier for the messaging to be powerful in that sense and controlling.
And so here, this guy's talking about how even for this pandemic, it wasn't good enough.
So that's pretty extraordinary because we know from the dissident side, according to Robert Malone,
I mean, he was horribly censored. According to Brett Weinstein, he lost a huge amount of his income was just slaughtered away by the censorship of the pandemic.
I mean, he was just, you know, his family income was just crippled.
This is really the intervention in the beginning of a pandemic.
So there are two interventions that are really efficient before we have a drug or vaccine.
This is diagnostic testing and then it's political decision-making.
And once this political decision-making...
Yeah, they can't even find his PhD anymore.
They can't find the actual publication in the library. It should be, and it's pretty funny.
It's influenced and contorted by disinformation and propaganda we are lost.
And there are roles that are not being fulfilled by the media themselves.
They really have to look in the mirror.
And there is another role that some sometimes ignored a little bit, which is the role of science itself.
So we shouldn't have anybody who has some academic degree talking about the heart of the issue in the middle of a pandemic.
We have to address the institutions of science to make some selection to set up panels of experts who are really experts
and who wouldn't push into the media, but who are somehow qualified to summarize the state of knowledge.
And this can only happen via the institutions of science.
These institutions have to offer this function to society.
And these institutions of science, they are actually consisting of scientists, of top scientists.
And it's really about being a little bit less opportunistic as a scientist, being a little bit more of service to society.
A little bit more of service to society, society being the big S society, like big S science.
If we do not.
Why is that going backwards?
I was weird.
I don't know why I did that.
What's happening here?
Oh, yeah.
So I want you to compare that message to and what I'm trying to the point I'm trying to make here is that there's a very fine line between
warning and announcement.
And I am starting to sense on our side that I could have seen it earlier that the difference between the, let's say the TV narrative
and the dissident narrative was that one was.
Yeah.
I really feel like one was sort of working hard to.
Announce.
And one was working hard to warn.
And the way that they switch those roles.
It's like a game.
It's a, it's a, it's a, it's a performance.
And so they switch from warning us about misinformation.
To announcing that they're going to stop it or announcing that they're going to change it with a who treaty or announcing that they're going to change it because, you know, the, the WF is going to change it.
The who's going to change it or CEP is going to change it or the government's going to change or the FDA is going to CDC is going to declare this.
And so that's very clever words that result in what appears to be a warning.
But it's actually just an announcement appears to be complaining about, about misinformation, but it's actually just an announcement that we're going to stop it.
It is a complaining about fifth generation warfare when it's really just an announcement that this is what's being done to you.
You can't do anything about it.
And so when I, if I can, if I finally imparted that idea on you, listen to this next video, please.
From a belief system that says that nation state is an obsolete idea and we have to have a one world government that is basically a fusion of the interests of corporations and politics, global politics.
And we've got to start by finding out who they are, voting them out of office, making sure they are not part of our governments.
Two notable characters here in the United States are governors, Inslee and Newsome.
Okay.
We've got to out these people.
We've got to force them to account for whether or not they're Americans or are they globalists.
And if they're globalists, they got to get out.
We've got to get rid of them.
We've got to take back ownership of our country.
If you believe in the Constitution, if you believe in the principles of free speech and personal autonomy, medical autonomy and autonomy at every level, other level, it's time to fight.
You know, or your children are going to live in basically a technofascism for the rest of their natural lives as serfs.
No, I don't necessarily disagree with that last warning part of the description.
But what I want you to think very carefully about is, is there a fine line being walked here between the announcement and a warning?
I've watched hours of this guy's presentations about fifth generation warfare.
And I've heard him say at least three times that fifth generation warfare, you're never going to figure out who's doing it.
And of all the people he could have named, he named two governors.
Of all the people he could have named, those are the people he chose.
He could have said lots of other things that would have been closer to the mark of getting to the globalists versus the patriotic Americans.
But he didn't.
And I don't know what everybody's motivation is, but I do know that there is an illusion of consensus about a dangerous novel virus that killed millions of people and millions more were saved from.
I do know that there is an illusion of consensus that gain of function is real.
This virus may have come from it and a virus will come again.
That illusion of consensus is what we need to save our children from, because that is the basis for their upcoming slavery.
I apologize for that lower, lower thing being wrong.
So what are the things I want to point out about Robert Malone?
If you will recall from our previous discussions, Robert Malone was aligned with a company called Enovio.
Enovio had a number of technologies including electroporation and DNA electroporation at the skin for vaccination.
They were actually one of the two largest original players in the Warp Speed thing.
It was Moderna and Enovio and those two got funding.
And then they ended up choosing the mRNA.
But if you look behind this guy's shoulder at the World Vaccine Congress in Washington in 2018, you can see on that board of ads the Enovio sign right there.
Can you see my arrow? That's Enovio.
So Robert Malone wasn't a horse farmer in 2018. He was involved in a vaccine company that was positioning itself to be a world-class vaccine provider.
And so let's make no mistake about this.
It could be a guy who, there's Enovio again right there.
It could be a guy who's putting his entire pharma career on the line or it could be a guy who's working to make sure that the illusion of consensus isn't broken about this novel virus that killed millions that millions more were saved from.
The gain of function is real and a virus will come again.
I think this is probably the case.
And it could be that he believes in the novel virus that killed millions of people, but I'm skeptical, especially because he cut his teeth in the labs of the people who I think are responsible for this mythology.
Gallo and Gardner and Baltimore and all of these people.
They lied to us about the pandemic potential and bad caves and accessibility of it in cell culture.
The accessibility of it with passage and animals like ferrets and they've definitely lied to us about how easy it is to stitch it together and have a new novel coronavirus start from a puddle and then cover the world with itself.
They've lied to us about this potential so that they can invert the sovereignty of our children into permissions.
It's freedom to fascism.
That's what this new world order is.
And a lot of people are starting to use this term, but I tried to take it away from them very early in the pandemic with my JC on the woods videos because JC in the woods videos were really about identifying the new world order for what it really was.
Which is what George H. W. Bush said in front of Congress or the UN or wherever it was he spoke.
It's the new world order that all of these people have been talking about for a couple decades now at least.
And that's why it's important to evoke it because it's not a new thing.
It's an old thing.
This is one continuous multi-generational plan to enslave our children and to make sure that the genetic data of the coming generations is accessible, collected, stored, and fed to their AI.
And I can't help but play this again.
I want you to imagine that we take a bunch of children into this subway station and we try to convince him that this guy is making up for the fact that the brakes don't work on this electric train and making up for the fact that the motor is weak and so he's also pushing the train to start it again.
And depending on the age of those children, it wouldn't take very much more than a four or five year old kids to start to think that that's not what's happening here.
And my analogy for the pandemic is instead of having one guy, maybe we should have 60 guys who are dressed in LED lined suits that make noise and they pretend like they're very strenuously working.
Some of them grab onto the train early or have big wheels that they put against the train that shake while they pretend to stop it in big wheels that they put against the train to make it seem like it's going to go again.
And now the kids would have a lot harder time believing that those people weren't physically stopping the train and physically starting it if they had these big machines that they were using or there was some other elaborate theater involved.
And as long as the performers were all very coordinated in the way that they did it and didn't get in the way of the train or actually pull on the train and get dragged by it or if they did they used it in a way to mine stopping the train, they could make it really convincing.
Think about that 60 or 70 minds, not this guy who's chalking his thing up, but minds, people that can really do fake movements and stuff like that, you know, really make it look good.
Now what would those kids believe?
Now that's a train. It's something you can understand. You can see it. You can hear it. You can feel the station shake has the train approaches.
You can feel the station stop shaking as the train stops and you can feel it start to shake again when the train starts to move again.
Pandemic wasn't like that. Pandemic was a bit more like a movie on your phone or a Netflix series.
And a series of short videos on Facebook.
But the number of people that were starting and stopping the train pretending to start and stop the train that was the pandemic were many more people.
Some people were doing it unwittingly. Many more people were doing it wittingly, especially with regard to the people who were elevated on social media.
All of them, all of them, all of them that were censored early in 2020 with much pomp and circumstance, including new apps like GAB and GEDR and whatever else.
This was all baloney. It was all part of the train pulling and stopping and pushing act.
That went right along with the novel virus, meaning everybody's vulnerable. We got to agree on that. We got to all move with the train on that one.
PCR and lateral flow testing are definitely high fidelity. That helps the train make it seem like we're stopping and starting it.
And all of these stories were seeded and controlled for the purpose of this national security narrative where a huge bureaucracy, many bureaucracies around the world did a train stopping and starting exercise to convince their populations that a national security level pandemic had occurred.
I just want you to digest this because I really think this is an apt analogy for what they did to us.
I want you to think about 40 or 50 of those guys dressed in suits with lots of props, not just chalk, not just a skinny guy, but a bunch of big dudes making noise.
That's what they did.
That's what they did with this.
That's why mystery virus doesn't equal excess deaths because you've got to subtract all the pulling and pushing of the train.
The fake stopping and starting of the train that included do not resuscitate orders and ventilation and lack of antibiotics and poor use of steroids and remdesivir, medazlam and opioid deaths and death certificate fraud.
And the list keeps going on and all of those have to be subtracted from excess deaths before you have any mystery virus.
And guess what? There's nothing left.
And so why are they doing this? Well, we're at a time point when they plan to reduce the amount of diversity on the earth.
And before they do that, they need the AI to record it.
I'm not saying it's going to work. Not saying it's a great idea. I'm not saying I believe in that transhuman crap.
But I am saying that in these secret meetings with lots of rich guys, they parade people up on stage.
You know how actually they do it? You know what's crazy?
And you should be thankful for this. But the guy who skateboard this is, I just pulled the green screen down.
The guy who skateboard this is, Rodney Mullen used to have to go to TED Talks and food conferences and open the conference and make everybody think it's super cool how to learn skills and get into a flow state.
And then the subsequent speakers would be talking about how AI is going to learn how to manipulate the genome and cure diseases.
And then they would have, you know, after conference meetings where they did talk about more of these ideas in detail, more of the real plan in detail.
So long story short, there are people everywhere, ladies and gentlemen, that know what's up.
People as diverse as Rodney Mullen and Jonathan Cooley as diverse as Jessica Hockett and Mark Koolack.
And we're going to start to make this network of people that is arduously working toward the truth.
And listening to the people that they discuss things with.
Not marching forward with certainty, marching forward with trepidation and with the flashlights facing up and forward, not back into the cave, but out.
Arm straight.
Ladies and gentlemen, please stop all transfections in humans.
Because they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary.
And without trying to be too repetitive.
I am going to say that the one way that we can really unite the United States, I think, and be somewhat of a.
Let's say, regain some of our respect in the world would be to cop to our role in this and make sure that we bring our system back into check.
We reclaim our government exactly as Robert Mullen said we should.
I don't want to be a broken record about this, but I think this is going to be GigaOM biologicals message for quite some time.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection and healthy humans is criminally negligent and viruses are not patterned integrity.
This has been GigaOM Biological High Resistance, Illinois's information stream brought to you by a biologist.
I'll see you again tomorrow night ladies and gentlemen.
Music
96 people here good to see you thanks for joining Elizabeth.
Thanks for joining again Pamela good to see you again Jeff.
Everybody that I'm not mentioning Jeff from Earth also there good to see you sir.
Albert was there was your show canceled Albert I didn't see you this morning I thought you were going to be on CHD and then I didn't catch it you got to update me on that what did they do.
Anyway thanks guys see you tomorrow.
.